remove big bang mode (#89)
fdelbrayelle/generator-jhipster-kafka: README.md

## Prompt options tree

Do your own configuration step-by-step!

The **END** represents the end of the prompts below, when files are written after confirmation (you can use the `--force` option with `yo jhipster-kafka` to overwrite all files).

<ul>

>     <li>Do you want to clean up your current Kafka configuration?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <li>Do you want to clean up your current Kafka configuration? <strong>(default = Y)</strong>
```

Author: it's ok for me, but the default is N

        <ul>

>             <li><em>If "y" was selected:</em> all configurations and classes will be deleted and fully regenerated</li>
>             <li><em>If "n" was selected <b>(default)</b>:</em> the new configuration will be merged with the previous one</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <li><em>If "y" was typed:</em> all configurations and classes will be deleted and fully regenerated</li>
            <li><em>If "n" was typed:</em> the new configuration will be merged with the previous one</li>
```
